c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\TheMovieList.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\TheMovieList.Tests.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\TheMovieList.Tests.pdb
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\TheMovieList.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\TheMovieList.pdb
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\obj\Debug\TheMovieList.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\obj\Debug\TheMovieList.Tests.dll
c:\users\jonas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\obj\Debug\TheMovieList.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Jonas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jonas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\Jonas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Jonas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Jonas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Jonas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jonas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\Jonas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Jonas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TheMovieList\TheMovieList.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
